VAAAAAAAAA MY SAMBA VAAAAAAA MY BATTERY ALREADY BEGINS TO PARADE
VAAAAAAAAA MY SAMBA VAAAAAAA MONTE CASEROS STARTS TO CELEBRATE
VAAAAAAA MY SAMBA VAAAAAAAAA WITH ILLUSIONS TODAY MY PEOPLE CANTARA
SPELLING PASSION MY HEART
AND GO, AND GO, AND GO, AND GO TO MY SAMBA VAAAAAAA
MY BATTERY ALREADY BEGINS TO DESFILATE VAAAAAAAAA MY SAMBA VAAAAAAA
MONTE CASEROS STARTS TO FESTEJAR VAAAAAA MI SAMBA VAAAAAAAAA
WITH ILLUSIONS TODAY MY PEOPLE WILL CANTARA SPITTED PASSION
EMBRUJA MI CORAZON
MAAAAGIA EMBRUJO DEL AMORRRR CAPTIVATE IN YOUR WALK
TERTULIAS THAT WITHOUT TIME GO WEAVING THE SPELLS OF THE GOOD AND THE EVIL
SUPERSTITIONS OF AFRICAN LOVE CROSSED CONTINENTS HIDDEN TO THE SUN
WITH DANCES OF COLORS MAKE HUMANITY DIFFERENT
VAMPIRES THAT ESCAPE TO THE LIGHT OF THE SUN HIDDEN UNDER THEIR HARD SKIN
PROTECT EMBRUJOS THAT TODAY WILL CONQUER THE SOULS OF MY CARNIVAL
HISTORY THAT TODAY LATE IN ALL MY CITY CONJUROS SEDUCEN TO HUMANITY
RITUALS THAT SURROUND THE SORTILEGIO VAN AND THE TRIBUNA EMBRUJARAN
BLACK, WHITE AND RED IS MY PASSION I COME TO GIVE YOU WITH EMOTION
TO THE PEOPLE THAT ONE DAY SAW ME TO BE BORN THIS IS THE ILLUSION OF CARNIVAL
THE EMBRUJADA NIGHT SPELLS MY CITY
THERE WILL GO THE CONJURS THAT WILL CONQUER US IS THE PUREEST ESSENCE THAT TODAY
FROM HERE TO MY CARNIVAL AND TO SING PASSIONATE MY SOUL
I WANT TO SAMBAR TOGETHER WITH MY PEOPLE ENJOYING
AND TO DANCE EMBRUJO OF AN ILLUSION IN THE AVENUE THIS ONCE MORE